The following are new in the Care 2002 beta 1.0.04 release: 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A. New modules 

	The person's registration is now separated from the patient's admission module.

1. Person's registration. 
	The person's basic data are now stored in a separate table. The data can be used universally in the whole program and this prevents data redundancy. 

2. Patient's admission. 
	Both inpatient admission and outpatient visit are available. 

B. Electronic Medical record (EMR)

	Now, the electronic medical record is available. The following records can be created or displayed 
	Appointments 
	Diagnostics test results/reports 
	Diagnoses (DRG's) 
	Procedures 
	Prescriptions 
	Development Notes 
	Additional Notes and reports (23 Types) 
	Immunization record 
	Pregnancy redord 
	Birth Details 
	Weights & Heights record 

C. Notes & Reports (part of EMR)

	Admission History and Physical 
	Anticoagulant Daily notes 
	Chart Notes 
	Consultation Notes 
	Daily Ward's Notes 
	Development Notes 
	Diagnosis 
	Discharge Summary 
	Doctor's Daily Notes 
	Doctor's Directives 
	Extra Notes on Therapy & Diagnoses 
	Inquiry To Doctor 
	IV Daily Notes 
	Material LOT, Charge Nr. etc. 
	Nursing Care Report 
	Nursing Effectivity Report 
	Nursing Problem Report 
	Operation Notes 
	Other Notes 
	Problem Notes 
	Physical Therapy, Anti-thrombosis, etc. 
	Therapy notes 

D. ADODB - Database Abstraction Layer 

E. System Admin modules

	Main menu items are configurable (hide, show items and change order) 
	Main menu display is configurable 
	The elements of an entry form are configurable (hide, show) 
	Control buttons and images are themeable 

F. Personell Management Module

	Person's registration for new personell 
	Personell employment data 
	Doctors' and Nursing Personell List are now coupled to personell module 

F. Department Management Module

	Departments are now user creatable and configurable 

F. News Content Management Module

	News contents are now stored in the database 
	Links to editor are added 
	News module is directly coupled to department management 

G. API Classes

	The initial API Classes are now available and used. The classes are stored in include/care_api_classes/ directory. 

H. Additional languages, modifications on the multiple language system 
	1. The available languages are (in alphabetical order) Brazilian(Portuguese), Czech, English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish. Many of the language tables are not yet complete. The script will default to english language table if the particular language table is not available. 
	2. The images and graphical control buttons are themable. Two themes are preloaded - default and blue_aqua (still in english only).



H. Changes in the database 
	The database was restructured to implement the new data model that was developed via the mailing list.
	Many system default and initialization values are now stored in the database and are preloaded during the installation. 


I. Changes in the directory tree 
	The scripts for the different modules and functions are now grouped in separate directories under the new "modules" directory.

J. Miscellaneous additions/improvements 
	1. The search function for assigning beds has now only one entry field.
	2. The search function for radiology module has now only one entry field.

K. Credits for this release (in alphabetical order) 
	
	Alfredo Rodriquez = Portuguese translations
	Are Kristensen = Norwegian translations, norwegian online demo installation
	Daniel Zilli = Brazilian-portuguese translations
	Gabriele Cicala = Italian translations
	Lopo Lencastre de Ameida = Infrastructure for the whole project
	Mark Painter = Data model, obstetrics, datase revamp
	Matej Hausenblas = French translations
	Muhammad Panji = Indonesian translations
	Patxi Gomaríz = Spanish translations, spanish online demo installation
	Pawel Cyrta = Polish Translations
	Petr Roupec = Czech translations
	Thomas Wiedmann = Testing , debugging, sql databank consultations

Special thanks to the following for their very active ongoing activities for Care. (eventhough their works are not yet integrated in this current release) 

	Nilvanio Faller = myCalendar module
	Robert Warren = redundant failback-failsafe system 
	Simon Ndira = Security

Note: If I have forgotten to list somebody here please let me know. Thanks :-) 
